gh-92332: Docs-only deprecation of `typing.Text` (#92351)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.5.2

>    .. deprecated:: 3.11
>       Python 2 is no longer supported at runtime, and is also no longer
>       supported by most type checkers. Users should therefore now use

Reviewer: "at runtime" is a little confusing, especially when combined with the "deprecated in Python 3.11"
```suggestion
   .. deprecated:: 3.11
      Python 2 is no longer supported and most type checkers no longer
      support type checking Python 2 code either. Users should now use
```

Author: Nice!

>       :class:`str` instead of ``Text`` wherever possible.

Reviewer 2: Could we add an explicit note here saying that removal is not currently planned? A "deprecated" note can make users think it will be removed soon.

Author: (For future readers of this PR):

- #92405
